README.md, before:

# Team-Profile-Generator
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
        

## Description
This is a team profile generator. This application is designed to dynamically build a team of employees that will be generated based off a series of questions that the user answers. The employees will be Manager, Engineer, and Intern. The purpose of this application is to enable the user to quickly, and dynamically build their team into  a front end application while using back end practices.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
First, you will need to make sure you have node.js installed. Once you have confirmed node.js in installed, you will need to run npm init from the terminal to create a package.json folder. After that, install inquirer version 8.2.4 by typing npm i inquirer@8.2.4 from the CL in the terminal. You will need to make sure you are installing this project in the correct folder that you will be working out of in VS Code. Additionally, in order to run your test, you will need to make sure jest is installed. To install jest, CD into the correct folder and install jest by CL typing in npm i jest

## Usage
To run this application, you will need to CD into the correct folder in VS Code and run node + the title of your JS folder. For instance node index.js

## Credits
Hunter Mustain, along with all of our class TAs and the instructor. Also credit official documentation from MDN & W3 schools, as well as youtube videos.

## Contributing
No contributions allowed <br>


## License
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
        
Copyright 2022 Hunter Mustain

        Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
        
        The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
        
        THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
        

## Tests
There are 4 test suites that can be run and a total of 23 tests. To run the tests, make sure you are in the correct folder in VS code  and run your tests by typing npm run test in the CL in VS Code.

## Questions
If you have questions and would like to email me please email me @ hunter@bunkerbranding.com <br>
My GitHub user name and link to my profile can be found by clicking my username <a href="https://github.com/hmustain">hmustain</a>

Commit message:

adding walk through video to professional readme

README.md, after:

# Team-Profile-Generator
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
        

## Description
This is a team profile generator. This application is designed to dynamically build a team of employees that will be generated based off a series of questions that the user answers. The employees will be Manager, Engineer, and Intern. The purpose of this application is to enable the user to quickly, and dynamically build their team into  a front end application while using back end practices.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
First, you will need to make sure you have node.js installed. Once you have confirmed node.js in installed, you will need to run npm init from the terminal to create a package.json folder. After that, install inquirer version 8.2.4 by typing npm i inquirer@8.2.4 from the CL in the terminal. You will need to make sure you are installing this project in the correct folder that you will be working out of in VS Code. Additionally, in order to run your test, you will need to make sure jest is installed. To install jest, CD into the correct folder and install jest by CL typing in npm i jest

## Usage
To run this application, you will need to CD into the correct folder in VS Code and run node + the title of your JS folder. For instance node index.js

To see how this application is used, please watch the video below

https://www.loom.com/share/b7ca1ef230a4446085c7430d51839a6f

## Credits
Hunter Mustain, along with all of our class TAs and the instructor. Also credit official documentation from MDN & W3 schools, as well as youtube videos.

## Contributing
No contributions allowed <br>


## License
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
        
Copyright 2022 Hunter Mustain

        Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
        
        The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
        
        THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
        

## Tests
There are 4 test suites that can be run and a total of 23 tests. To run the tests, make sure you are in the correct folder in VS code  and run your tests by typing npm run test in the CL in VS Code.

## Questions
If you have questions and would like to email me please email me @ hunter@bunkerbranding.com <br>
My GitHub user name and link to my profile can be found by clicking my username <a href="https://github.com/hmustain">hmustain</a>
